FBI agent Gracie Hart was trained to
handle any situation you know you can't
wear a swimsuit on this mission right
hook except this one aren't you gonna be
here in like ten minutes
I thought we were moving it kind of a
normal speed it's the way I snort
because I I don't have to snore it hard
have you been crying no I I don't cry I
don't even have tear ducts yet even
though she's feeling alone she's more
popular than ever
Miss Congeniality lady she's FBI the
bureau's had a lot of bad publicity
lately you could be the new face of the
FBI yes you will be my Mona Lisa I just
went through a beauty pageant
I'm done playing dress-up now welcome
dressing
he's got babe I think we should all be
sitting under dryers
she's got attitude sorry how about a
real sorry this is gonna be great you
are about to feel some real pain don't
talk to me about pain says you didn't
just call me some because I
don't recall seeing a most skinny white
girl it today but grow another ball
thank you for calling me skinny
she's got backup I'm your bodyguard what
that plane does not take off and this
we're both on you might consider a
tic-tac but when her best friend goes
missing we've been kidnapped
she's too young to die and I'm not as
old as I look great people II have to do
something this covergirl is going back
undercover
oh I made of lemon balm how are ya this
is my lovely nurse I love my work like
it or not two are a team I can't do this
without you I am begging you
usually they give an epidural for this
kind of agony hard you better be right
on a swear rub Warner Brothers pictures
I just don't see what I couldn't be Tina
you don't see that Sandra Bullock I feel
we need to call get lost Picard what
happened to team yo you and me in it
together hmm
don't do that again this Congeniality
two armed and fabulous all right we just
remember solar plexus instead Oh nose
and groin not the groin